Okay... So...
Ahhhh
We talked about the dwarves.... So...
Oh...  Sure, and thick and hairy.
So...  What are other
any other like okay we can talk about the side characters of the .. yeah..
that you like, or you can...
You remember..Well, of course.
One guy is the Natsai character, he played one of the main characters.
The   dragon slayer
Ball   He was cool, dude
Yeah...
Ohhh Yeah....
Ohhh.. Okay.. Yeah..
Hang... okay.. okay.. But this in the movie he was
Like that  well respected, but he's... Yeah.
But people in power didn't like him.
Yeah  because  she ..  for the  because  she's so...
He's so just, he's so right, and he's not afraid to speak up.
Yeah, yeah..  yeah.. yeah..
Bright, bright and prejudiced. (***)
Bart was pretty unique I mean he ended up to be a leader.. And...
he was already kind of an underlying leader
Because no one respected the real reader.
that he was a that guy was a reader by the just a title
but as a people Bart was the one.. yeah..  yeah..
Yeah.. was the leaser..
Yeah, yeah... yeah.. yeah...
Yeah...
Ah huh.....  Ah huh...
To.. to  be...at the end ..    Yeah...
No.. no.. He was hoping that the doors were green.
And the endKeith, yeah.
But  he was also a warrior too, like he actually can defeat Lotta.
Orcs and you know those guys.
and protect his family and he was a very brave man
fighting against I mean he did slay the dragon literally
So..
Ohh.. But using that  using his son as the...
The Scan  like  yeah.. yeah..
Yeah...
Ahh...hung..
Make them   story a lot more alive, you think? In that sense?
Oh yeah, that worked well.
Ha, ha, ha...
Sounds like you're taking a class abroad.
Yeah.. yeah..yeah so that was nice
And  there's a romance too, right? That happening on the side with dad, the worst.
(***)Helia, that's her name.
yeah yeah yeah so and then they were kind of falling in love but at the same time
They know it's a forbidden love.
yeah so that kind of draws the more
connection to the movie audience in the movie.
Yeah...
Just a different layer to this whole love story.
Yeah..  yeah...  So..
and he dies so and then
Yeah...  (***)
Oh, yeah, yeah. Ohh, you said that the Wasserman doesn't exist in the book.
yeah yeah yeah...   but there was another like
And you know, (***)  likes that.
Yeah.  (***)
yeah yeah yeah .. so that was nice that he kind of
Did not like control even though he could have
because he's the prince of that dark place. but he is...
Yeah... car    (***)   That's so cool! yeah..
Yeah...
Hmmm....  Which he did.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Nothing stopped him.
Yeah...    But he also did not control. ..Yeah...
So that was cool.
Even though the guy died.
Legolas said, OK, I'm not able to stay here. And that's why he takes off.
right so he could have just stayed back and just be next to her but no.. Right...?
And he didn't. He said, I cannot go.
(***)  See you later.
Yeah...  Yeah...   Ha.. ha.. ha..
Yeah, yeah. He's not just a guy who's walking on the top of the snow.
When everybody else is falling in the snow.
Yeah, yeah. Sinking. So he doesn't sink.
yeah.. yeah.. yeah...
You know what they should do? They should make a movie just for Legolas.
You know, then everybody needs to watch that.